---
title: "Introducing: Game AI North!"
layout: base
---
It is our pleasure to introduce the very first instalment of the Game AI North conference!

The conference is a two-day community event of learning and professional networking in Copenhagen, Denmark on October 16 and 17 of 2017. The days are comprised of expert game AI talks in the themes of Design, Systems, and Production at the beautiful venue of "ITU":ITU - the IT University of Copenhagen.

As organisers we are a small group of industry experts in the field of game & -AI development, with organiser experience from events such as Unite, nucl.ai, Nordic Game Jam, and others. Our goal with this event is to help provide a useful anchor for the game AI community in Europe and its neighbours. The event is run non-profit and it is our hope that we can help keep the community stirring and perhaps help bridge to further community events.

h1. Attend

Each day is comprised of five speaker slots and included lunch - with registration and networking early October 16th. More details will be available as we approach the start of ticket sales. Do be aware that we intend to keep headcount relatively low & focused and so expect tickets to sell out fast.

If you wish to stay up to date and be notified when tickets sale start, please sign up for the event mailing list below.

p(Button). "Enlist":MailingList

h1. Speak

Would you like to more actively participate by sharing your stories and insights in a community of your peers? Post-mortems / concepts / work in progress on AAA / indie or other relevant work? Please do not hesitate to send us a pitch of your session via the form below.

As a speaker you will of-course receive a free conference ticket with everything included. We are also able to pay your flight to & from Copenhagen and will be inviting you to a speaker dinner held with the organisers the evening before the event.

p(Button). "Pitch":SessionPitch

[ITU]http://itu.dk
[MailingList]http://duckduckgo.com
[SessionPitch]http://duckduckgo.com
